---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

These posts are a nice opportunity to take a break from class work, and just reflect on the learning experience from the last week. Like many others, I missed all of my classes on Monday to attend the FOCS career brunch in the morning and the career fair in the afternoon, so I'd like to talk a bit about my experience with the career fair, though it's not directly related to CS371P. I really appreciate that Professor Downing encourages students to endeavor to gain experience outside of just coursework through internships and projects. I really agree with that. I feel like, to an extent grades are important, but past a GPA of 3.5, work experience is what will set a candidate apart. I love Professor Downing's quote to 'move heaven and earth to find an internship'. Boy does that feel true at times. In order to be as sure as you can that you secure an internship, the more interviews you can do, the better.Interviews don't wait for class, however, so at times it can get incredibly stressful. In fact some of my most difficult times in UTCS have not been from coursework alone but instead from juggling multiple interviews with overlapping deadlines. 

With regards to class material, I enjoyed Alex Mezie's talk on Wednesday. The topic of space in and of itself is interesting, but seeing how programming and visualization technologies expand our ability to explore space was pretty impressive. I thought it was funny how he said we have 'a finite number of commits' in our lifetime. It's kind of interesting to wonder how programming is going to evolve, and how these changes will affect our ability to understand more about astronomy, say through the use of supercomputers for modeling. As a last note, I enjoyed the lecture on iterators. Programming language details are always fun. 

As a last note, my tip of the week is to prepare for interviews. Just even taking a few hours to review data structures went a long way to helping me do well on my interviews this week. Also, I don't know if the department would ever consider this, but just having a 1 hour course for interview prep would be so helpful. The reason I say it would be helpful to have a course is because by adding a grade incentive, I feel like it would be much easier to fit in interview prep into my schedule. People tend to pad schedules to full time by taking exercise classes and things like that anyway.
