---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

And now we have reached the final blog post and I can write my full reflections on this class! With regards to the last week of class material, we learned about making handles that contain pointers to underlying classes to allow for inheritance. I thought this topic was interesting, I liked learning about the different variants of Handle, particularly Handle3, which used copy-on-write. To be quite honest, after taking this class I just feel like I need a whole lot more practice with C++ to every feel particularly comfortable with it. It really does teach you that you can't simply learn a language from just looking up syntax, at that you have to understand a ton of underlying concepts. In particular, I think it's difficult how memory management intersects with the concepts of OOP. 

I'd like to talk some about what my opinion of the exam was. My tip of the week, absolutely, is that you should bring earplugs to any exam you take. You never know when there will be some unrelenting background noise that distracts you throughout the entirety of the exam. In this case I suppose it was Hotline Bling, amongst other bad rap music. I did bring earplugs, and they were extremely helpful! As for the test material, I found it was a bit far from the concepts we were introduced to in lecture, and that I didn't have sufficient time to complete the exam. The unfortunate consequence of long exams is that the farther they are from what you can complete in a timely fashion, that they take even longer than they would if you were untimed. But I suppose that's how it goes, there will always be tough things to deal with, particularly in industry when work starts extending beyond just yourself.