---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Because I'm posting this late, I can't help but begin this post with some statement expressing guilt that I'm posting it late. Normally I'm so much better about these types of things.

Instead, I'll write about my thoughts on the Bloomberg talk. To begin with, I was surprised at how quickly the speaker had grown in his career. From his graduation date, he seems to be within a few years of my age (as a backstory I was formerly a chemical engineer at Samsung). But he seemed to have really learned a lot in a relatively short time. I thought that was an interesting reflection on the fast paced nature of computer science these days. Also given the things he mentioned in his talk, it seems like when I graduate will just be a mark in the progress of my learning, nothing near an end. It feels like programmers now are needing to do a lot on the side in order to make sure their skills are relevant.

Along the lines of relevant skills, I thought it was interesting the tools that he introduced in the presentation. Because of his talk, I started using emacs that week on my project for this class, and I actually found it more easy to pick up than what I usually use, vim. I liked how the systems of tools that he mentioned kind of mirrored the tool chain we use in this class: a combination of CI, coverage, and source control. It's neat that if you had asked me a month ago about CI, I would have regarded it as some mysterious force I had only seen slightly in previous internships. After working with it a bit, it doesn't seem so intimidating. I hope that other things come to be that way for me as well, as I gain more experience.

To conclude, my tip of the week for myself is to be better with prioritization as classes progress. With this class in particular, due to the frequency of the quizzes, readings, and intricacy of the homework, it's easy to try and stress out over each little thing rather than prioritize. This leads to a lot of counterproductive stress. Perhaps if I had been better with prioritizing, I would have realized that I didn't even post my article on Sunday :)