---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

The main focus of this week was on the implementation of containers in C++, namely the vector class, which has an array as its underlying storage container. I liked how this week sort of felt like an expansion on the types of things we would do in data structures, like implementing lists, but this time we were implementing a container in C++. I thought it was interesting how with implementing containers, you have to keep track of different sorts of things, like allocating memory, and which constructor you call, whereas in Java it seemed a lot less flexible. I though Friday's material was pretty cool, which expanded on the idea of containers by discussing how constructors are used in a bit more detail. I particularly liked learning that the constructor will act as an implicit converter unless you specify otehrwise. 

One thing, as I'm writing this and as I'm going through this course, is I wonder how best to remember the concepts we are tought. Data structures taught a lot of things more generally, whereas in this class the focus is more on specific details, particularly with regards to C++. I think that knowing these details is really cool, and helps me become a better programmer, but I really hope I can retain all this detail later. I'm hoping that by making note sheets for the test, I'll have at least a quick reference to look up information for later on. I wonder if we'll learn more with regards to developing good object oriented design in this class also. Lastly, my tip of the week, this isn't specifically for this class, but in general, leave a ton of extra time for assignments. You never know when you'll get that assignment that secretly takes the time it would to do two. 