---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

I'm pleased to begin this post by saying that it feels good to be done with all 5 projects in this class. With all the projects done, it's interesting to think about overall what I've learned from them. Starting with the Life project, it was pretty challenging, I might say that it was the most challenging one out of all the ones we've done, since we had to worry about memory leaks. I feel like from these projects, and from this class in general, the biggest thing I've learned is that C++ is a challenging language to understand fully. At times it feels like we are learning syntactic type things because of the level of detail we discuss in class, so I'm worried about not retaining the details for when I need to program using C++ in the future. It's interesting, because I feel like I have difficulty getting as proficient with another programming language as I am in Java. When I go to learn a new programming language, it's easy to forget the details of what you have learned when you go to program. When you forget something, you look it up for the task, then implement, but then you forget again. These projects took a good amount of time, and required us to use various aspects of C++, so I hope I do retain a lot of these details and come out of this class a better C++ programmer. I think it's just a matter of practice - I probably will never become truly 'proficient' in a language until I use it for years. I think with this, my tip of the week is that programming take spractice, so to become very skilled at one or two languages at first, rather than many.