---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

With project 3 soon due, I spent quite a lot of time on this class this week! I'll admit I'm not too enthusiastic writing this time, since I'm a bit disappointed in my performance on the first exam. But I'll start with the good things about my week. On Wednesday we started learning about containers and more of the nuances of Arrays. I thought it was interesting to learn the different types of constructors that get called 'under the hood' when you use data structures. On Friday, the idea of a vector was introduced, and it was an interesting exercise to write a vector class that implemented the necessary functionality. On a very positive note, I really enjoyed working on project 3 with my partner Matthew. It was the first time I had worked with him, but we worked really well together and were able to get the project to completion by Thursday! 

Now I'd like to reflect some on the exam. After weeks of taking good notes, and studying at length, I wasn't able to make nearly the grade I had hoped for. Having done a degree before, I'm trying to be forgiving of myself about it, since I think you'd have to be crazy to say that a person's prospect as a good programmer would be decided solely by one exam on one day. I'm going to try to take it as a learning experience. I wonder how I can improve the way I prepare for the second exam so that I can do better next time. I'm thinking the best thing might be to try and make my notesheet as the term goes, and spend more time before the exam doing problems. My tip of the week is to take your exams very carefully, rather than rushing through them and missing edge cases (like I probably did haha).