---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

So far, OOP has been about what I have expected! I took this class hearing only very good things about it for the most part from people who had taken it in the past: that the course takes previous material, expands upon it and puts it into the context of more current applications used in industry. I enjoyed on the first class how Professor Downing pushed the importance of internships and learning practical tools. I was the first person to get called on, which was somewhat unexpected! As I am sure several others have posted, getting called on will take some getting adjusted to. I think its sensible though how on the first day we did a meet and greet, as well as students getting called on through the week. In school you spend so much time staring at a screen, immersed in your own code, that its nice that this class seems to try and pull us out of that somewhat. Moving away from the completely individualistic model of programming also seems to make sense, since in industry, no one person codes entire applications - code is all done in very expansive teams. It feels like from an industry standpoint, it may be just as important to be able to work with others in putting together code as it is knowing how to code itself. 

From a material standpoint, I’m a little worried about C++ honestly! The ‘<<’ and ‘>>’ operators in sending input and output seem a little foreign to me, as well as namespaces. It was really neat being introduced to tools such as Google test and gcov, and I really look forward to working with them more in future projects.

So far this class seems very promising – I am glad I took it!
