---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

And wow, the term suddenly picked up this week! It's kind of neat to sit down each week and write a blog post, as well as having near-daily quizzes, because it forces you to constantly revisit the material. Hopefully when the time comes for the test, the material seems a little bit more fresh in my mind. 

I spent a decent portion of my weekend working through the project with my partner. I found that it was pretty nice how this project somewhat mirrors the Collatz project, so it's not a huge step away from something we're familiar with. At the beginning, when I saw how short the assignment page was relative to Collatz, I was pretty worried that it would be a huge challenge to get things like Travis CI set up. Maybe it will be, but so far so good. The voting problem itself is interesting, and made for a nice puzzle for my partner and I to work through. Although I'm sure it sort of defeats the point of switching partners, but my partner is the same person I grouped up with to write PintOS for CS439. It's really neat to see how far we've come in being able to work together. I feel like at first it was a little clumsy to transition into working in a pair, but I noticed that for this project my partner, Katherine, and I work very effectively together! It's been fun. So with that, my tip of the week is to form close friendships in CS, and to be discerning about your friends when you start out in any major. Once you've found the right group of friends, they are so supportive - all the stress of school becomes a lot more manageable. 