---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

So ends the first full week of OOP, and the class is already picking up quick! Regarding the logistics of the class, I think I'm getting used to them. So far I've enjoyed that the quizzes have been pretty fair so far. Based on feedback from previous classes, it sounded like they have been tricky in the past, so I'm pleased that they have been manageable (so far!). I'm also finding myself getting used to the classroom format of Professor Downing addressing students directly. I need to try and look at situations where I don't know the answer as really good learning opportunities where I can continue to improve my ability as a coder!

Speaking of coding! Today was a fun week in that respect too! The first topic was Sphere Online Judge. What a cool site!! Some day, when I'm working full time, I love the idea of submitting solutions to these different problems in a variety of different languages. It seems like such a cool way to keep sharp on interview skills, while having fun solving puzzles at the same time! On a total aside, anyone who loves online puzzles should try http://weffriddles.com. It's addicting :)

Back to class material - I thought it was cool learning some of the more in depth semantic differences between C++ and Java, such as built in promotion and demotion. It was also cool learning about WHY we use precompiled headers in C++, and about all the approaches one could take to implementing a cache for the Collatz project.

Regarding the Collatz project, it's been really cool! Out of all the projects I've done at school, this one has most closely resembled the work that I've done in industry. For my industry projects, 90% of them were learning the tool chain, and then 10% was making some small code change (at least when I was brand new). Finally, my tip of the week is to go to the study sessions! Not only will there be TAs there, but you can also chat with students who may have already encountered the same problem as you!