---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Seriously all I can think to write about is what its like to walk through a hurricane and the Darwin project. That's really the first two things that come to mind when I think about my OOP experience last week. I HAVE to say, I felt pretty proud to click in my attendance on Friday. I walked through a puddle so high that it filled my rain boots, but I was there to complete my quiz. Anyway, hurricanes aside, I'll talk about the lecture material for this week. On Wednesday we had a speaker from Mutual Mobile who discussed Open Source software, including how its developed, how you use it, and how you contribute to it. It was a super interesting talk, I had no idea that open source software may get developed at companies. I always thought it was something that developers worked on in addition to their day to day work, as in that they stay late to work on open source stuff. So I think its pretty fantastic that companies support open source development. The last concept we touched on was implementing a stack with a backing container. My tip of the week is to know this because I am almost certain something like this is going to be on the test.

Now, as for the Darwin project, this definitely is the most comprehensive project that we've encountered so far in this class. It presents a pretty complex design problem, which requires you to be even more diligent in how you use C++ to implement it. My partner and I both like design, so I think we've made some good progress! I feel really lucky to be partnered with Joaquin, he's been super flexible and helpful throughout the entire project, even though I've been mired with a mess of work with my other classes this week. I think the key for this project is to thoroughly plan your design before you start coding. There are so many pieces to keep track of, that I feel like if you don't hav a good design to start with, it can become really easy to scratch your entire implementation and have to start over.