---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

This week we covered a lot of material! On Monday we continued to discuss the implementation of vector. I think now that I look at this concept, I will need to review it closely since we continuously improve on the code. I'm not too sure what the differences are between the different iterations, since each implementation is somewhat similar, but different. In any case, we improved the implementation of vector by correctly allocating and copying rather than just redirecting pointers. I think it's interesting in this class how little errors can be relatively difficult to notice, unless you actually draw the diagram and realize that the code doesn't work. I think that for the next exam it will be pretty important to carefully evaluate how the code will work in execution. So I suppose my tip of the week is just this, to be careful when you take exams. 

Oh, we also learned some other cool syntax things as well, like the notion of 'true blue r values'. I'm not sure what it is that makes them 'true blue', but I think it's neat to finally learn what && means in code, since before this week I had no idea what that was referring to when I had seen it (I thought it meant a reference to a reference haha). Also, Friday was really awesome because we got to finally start discussing inheritance, which I thought was really neat and exciting, since it is after all one of the so-called '3 pillars of OOP'. On a final note, my partner and I wrote like 75 unit tests for Darwin last week. 