---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Thank you Professor Downing for excusing my absence a couple weeks back to interview: I got the offer from Microsoft and couldn't be more excited! 

As for class material, well, it doesn't stop even when there is an uncoming exam, like most other classes. This week, like others, was about learning more of the nuances of C++. We learned about the different flavors of pointers in C++, constant int pointers, constant pointers to ints, and constant pointers to constant ints. I think it makes sense to have constant int pointers, since it prevents modification of the underlying int, which may be useful to keep some ints read only. I think it's funny that you can just cast away this behavior though. I think it also makes sense to have constant pointers, since this may prevent things like segmentation faults from accessing memory that is out of bounds.


Now, I'm sure the topic of the week is the exam. I have to say, I'm pretty dang proud of my notesheet - it's 2,488 words long :)
I wasn't really sure how to study for this one, but I did want to make sure I fully understood all the code we reviewed in class, and that no stone was left unturned in terms of my notesheet. Well after all 2,488 words, I missed something pretty huge and totally messed up my answer for problem 2 because I left something off my notesheet haha. Lesson learned, even if you try and include everything, if the test includes the one thing you didn't include, it still can mess you up! Which brings me to my tip of the week: be smarter about what you put on your notesheet, don't lose yourself in the details and forget to include the more broader concepts.